There are a few things that I would like you to know.  Some of you already asked me about them in private message. I think it's better to let everyone aware of them.

A) Participation credits:

You need to post 8 substantive messages each week to get the full credit (4). In other words, each substantive message counts as 0.5 point.
There are several ways to contribute substantive messages:

(1) Try to solve the practice problems that I post in the Learning Activity/Reading section and post your solutions with work and your posts will be marked as substantive.

(2) Try to share comments/opinions/discussions about the two First Messages and other people's posts about them. However, your post here need to have some "meat" to be considered substantive. A rule of thumb is to have at least 3 sentences. 

(3) You can also share your thoughts or comment/answer other's posts in the Video or Assignment/Quiz Section. Again, the posts here need to have "meat" to be counted as substantive

B) Adaptive Math Practice Assignment:
(1) The deadline for all AMP assignments is the LAST DAY of the CLASS.  At the end of each week, I will give you a temporary score for the AMP assignment of that week.  At the end of the class, all AMP scores will be updated according to your progress. But it's a good idea to try to complete as much as possible in each corresponding week.
(2) The AMP scores are essentially given by the software which works kind of like a blackbox. Neither you nor I have much control over it.  It will give you a score based on its measurement about how many technique points that you have mastered.  So it may happen that even if you have completed all problems, you still don't get a 100% score. One reason for this scenario is that it "thinks" that you still need to work on a technique but it simply runs out of problems for you.

C) Quiz:
The deadline for each quiz is the last day of the corresponding week.

Please Let me know if you have any questions.
Mary

Week 5
"While there are 35 MPs for this assignment, you will only be graded on the 6 MPs from Chapter 5. The rest of the objectives are included for you to review for the Final Exam."


In the past some students didn't read this in the instructions for week 5 study plan. So I just want to remind you it.


Mary


The user interface for me is different from that for your guys. So I'm not sure what worked for me will work for you. 
I'm using Google Chrome. First I got to this page of assignment 1a. In the upper right corner of chrome, there is a shield symbol. If you let your mouse stay on the shield symbol, you will see a message that this page contains scripts from unauthenticated sources. Then I clicked the shield symbol, a pop up box appeared asking me to decide whether to click "Launch the unsafe script" which I did. The page reloaded and the white space in the assignment 1a window now had a link "click here to launch". Clicking that link showed the assignment.